mobile-service-providers, link corrected and note about 500M lockup (#1899)
helium/docs: docs/network-mobile/mobile-service-providers.mdx

The wallet this command was run with will have an NFT deposited. DO NOT BURN THIS NFT. This NFT will
allow you to claim service provider rewards.

The 500M MOBILE locked by a service provider is not staked as a governance token and the locked MOBILE 

> wallet does not receive vote escrowed MOBILE usable for network voting rights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 500M MOBILE locked by a service provider is not used for governance and does not gain voting
rights.
```
